README.md, before:

# Devenv modules

Set of modules to quickly configure a Shopware development environment:
- Launch multiple instances simultaneously without port conflicts
- Use self-signed certificates for https, including trusting them in your environment
- Use an SSL proxy to share trusted certificates with platform projects and application servers simultaneously
- QoL enhancements and pre-configured tools

## How to use
Put this as your `devenv.local.nix`:
```nix
{ ... }: let
  modules = builtins.fetchGit {
    url = "https://github.com/cyl3x/shopware-devenv";
    ref = "devenv";
    rev = "<current-commit-sha>";
  };
in {
  imports = [modules.outPath];

  shopware.enable = true;
  shopware.port = 3000;
  shopware.ssl.standalone.enable = true;

  # if not set, the domain is derived from the directory name (`platform_` is stripped)
  # shopware.domain = "dev.localhost";
}

```

## How to use (proxy mode)
`devenv.local.nix` inside a platform project:
```nix
{ ... }: let
  modules = builtins.fetchGit {
    url = "https://github.com/cyl3x/shopware-devenv";
    ref = "devenv";
    rev = "<current-commit-sha>";
  };
in {
  imports = [modules.outPath];

  shopware.enable = true;
  shopware.port = 3000;
  # Read more about it below under "Options"
  shopware.ssl.proxy.enable = true;
  # Devenv folder of the proxy server. If not set, the parent directory is assumed
  # shopware.ssl.proxy.devenv = "../.devenv"
}

```

`devenv.nix` somewhere, e.g. in a parent directory next to all platform projects and app servers:
```nix
{ ... }: let
  modules = builtins.fetchGit {
    url = "https://github.com/cyl3x/shopware-devenv";
    ref = "devenv";
    rev = "<current-commit-sha>";
  };
in {
  imports = [modules.outPath];

  shopware-proxy = {
    enable = true;
    port = 2000; # port to start poxy on
    platforms = {
      # base port and domain as set in platform directory
      "trunk.localhost" = 3000;
      # some other platform projects
      "65.localhost" = 3100;
      "66.localhost" = 3200;
      "saas.localhost" = 3300;
    };
    apps = {
      "swagbraintree.localhost" = 8080;
    };
  };
}
```

## Utility scripts

- `console` can be used to execute console command in any directory
- `caddy-setcap` can be used to bind privileged ports (like 443). Can only be used on non-nixos systems
- `vscode-ws` can be used to generate a VS Code workspace file. Set `shopware.extras.vscode-workspace.enable = true;`.
- `update-module` can be used to update to the newest SHA. Pass a SHA as argument to update to a specific SHA.
- `update-modules` can be used to update all `devenv.local.nix` to the newest SHA. (Proxy config only) (searches with max-depth = 1)

# Options

List of all available configurations with this module set.
## shopware\.enable



Enable and configure all Shopware related services\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/default\.nix](./shopware/default.nix)



## shopware\.domain



The domain on which Shopware will be available\.
A subdomain of ` localhost ` will be derived based on the directory name\.



*Type:*
string



*Default:*
` "<part-of-dirname>.localhost" `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/default\.nix](./shopware/default.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.frankenphp\.enable



Enable FrankenPHP\. HIGHLY EXPERIMENTAL!



*Type:*
unspecified value



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/caddy\.nix](./shopware/caddy.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.monolog\.enable



Enable configure monolog, muting or redirecting channels\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/monolog\.nix](./shopware/extras/monolog.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.monolog\.extra



List of channels to be logged in an extra file\.



*Type:*
list of string



*Default:*

```
[
  "paypal"
  "request"
]
```

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/monolog\.nix](./shopware/extras/monolog.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.monolog\.muted



List of channels to be muted\.



*Type:*
list of string



*Default:*

```
[
  "cache"
  "deprecation"
  "event"
  "paypal"
  "request"
]
```

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/monolog\.nix](./shopware/extras/monolog.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.start-proxy\.enable



Enable to start the ssl proxy server together with devenv\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/start-proxy\.nix](./shopware/extras/start-proxy.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.vscode-workspace\.enable



Enable to generate a vscode workspace file\.
It also includes all plugins, to regenerate the file use ` vscode-ws `



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/vscode-workspace\.nix](./shopware/extras/vscode-workspace.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.vscode-workspace\.excludedPlugins



List of plugin folder names exlcuded from the workspace



*Type:*
list of string



*Default:*
` [ ] `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/vscode-workspace\.nix](./shopware/extras/vscode-workspace.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.xdebug\.enable



Enable Xdebug for PHP\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/xdebug\.nix](./shopware/extras/xdebug.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.xdebug\.logging



Enable Xdebug logging\. Alternatively, set the log level\.



*Type:*
signed integer or boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/xdebug\.nix](./shopware/extras/xdebug.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.admin-watcher\.enable



Enable configuration for the admin-watcher\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/admin-watcher\.nix](./shopware/modules/admin-watcher.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.adminer\.enable



Enable and configure adminer\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/adminer\.nix](./shopware/modules/adminer.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.cypress\.enable



Enable cypress and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/cypress\.nix](./shopware/modules/cypress.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.elasticsearch\.enable



Enable elasticsearch and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/elasticsearch\.nix](./shopware/modules/elasticsearch.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.mailpit\.enable



Enable mailpit and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/mailpit\.nix](./shopware/modules/mailpit.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.mysql\.enable



Enable mysql and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/mysql\.nix](./shopware/modules/mysql.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.playwright\.enable



Enable configuration for playwright\. A ` playwright ` command will be available\.
Use for systems like NixOS, where ` npx run playwight install ` not work\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/playwright\.nix](./shopware/modules/playwright.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.rabbitmq\.enable



Enable rabbitmq and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/rabbitmq\.nix](./shopware/modules/rabbitmq.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.redis\.enable



Enable redis and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/redis\.nix](./shopware/modules/redis.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.store-watcher\.enable



Enable configuration for the store-watcher



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/store-watcher\.nix](./shopware/modules/store-watcher.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.var-dump-server\.enable



Enable configuration for the var-dump-server\. Will also create a shotcut ` dump-server `\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/var-dump-server\.nix](./shopware/modules/var-dump-server.nix)



## shopware\.port



The base port on which Shopware will be available\. All sub services will be derived from this port\.



*Type:*
16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` 3000 `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/default\.nix](./shopware/default.nix)



## shopware\.scripts\.console



Wrapper to use ` bin/console ` in any directory\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/scripts\.nix](./shopware/scripts.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.enableCerts



Enable creation of a trusted root cert for node\.js and php\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.proxy\.enable



Enable ssl via proxy\. Shopware will be available via https by default\. Used domain will taken from ` shopware.domain `\.

No other webserver configuration will be done, it’s assumed that a second devenv instance is running as proxy\. See ` shopware-proxy.enable ` for more information\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.proxy\.devenv



Path to the devenv instance that serves as proxy\.



*Type:*
string



*Default:*
` "/../.devenv" `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.proxy\.port



Port on which the proxy runs\.



*Type:*
null or 16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` 2000 `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.standalone\.enable



Enable standalone ssl\. Shopware will be available via https by default\. A fallback port can be defined for http\.
Self signed certificates will generated by caddy\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.standalone\.fallbackPort



Fallback port for http



*Type:*
null or 16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` 3080 `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.enable



Enable the proxy used for shopware and app servers\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.apps

Map of app servers to proxy\.



*Type:*
attribute set of 16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` { } `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.admin-watcher



Enable reverse proxy for the admin-watcher\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.adminer



Enable reverse proxy for adminer\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.mailpit



Enable reverse proxy for mailpit\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.rabbitmq



Enable reverse proxy for rabbitmq management\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.store-watcher



Enable reverse proxy for the store-watcher\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.platforms



Map of platform projects to proxy\.



*Type:*
attribute set of 16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` { } `



*Example:*

````
''
  {
    "trunk.localhost" = 3000; # base port of platform, defined by `shopware.port`
    "66.localhost" = 4000;
  }
''
````

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.port



Port on which the proxy listens\.



*Type:*
16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` 2000 `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)

Commit message:

feat: add DATABASE_URL_TEST

README.md, after:

# Devenv modules

Set of modules to quickly configure a Shopware development environment:
- Launch multiple instances simultaneously without port conflicts
- Use self-signed certificates for https, including trusting them in your environment
- Use an SSL proxy to share trusted certificates with platform projects and application servers simultaneously
- QoL enhancements and pre-configured tools

## How to use
Put this as your `devenv.local.nix`:
```nix
{ ... }: let
  modules = builtins.fetchGit {
    url = "https://github.com/cyl3x/shopware-devenv";
    ref = "devenv";
    rev = "<current-commit-sha>";
  };
in {
  imports = [modules.outPath];

  shopware.enable = true;
  shopware.port = 3000;
  shopware.ssl.standalone.enable = true;

  # if not set, the domain is derived from the directory name (`platform_` is stripped)
  # shopware.domain = "dev.localhost";
}

```

## How to use (proxy mode)
`devenv.local.nix` inside a platform project:
```nix
{ ... }: let
  modules = builtins.fetchGit {
    url = "https://github.com/cyl3x/shopware-devenv";
    ref = "devenv";
    rev = "<current-commit-sha>";
  };
in {
  imports = [modules.outPath];

  shopware.enable = true;
  shopware.port = 3000;
  # Read more about it below under "Options"
  shopware.ssl.proxy.enable = true;
  # Devenv folder of the proxy server. If not set, the parent directory is assumed
  # shopware.ssl.proxy.devenv = "../.devenv"
}

```

`devenv.nix` somewhere, e.g. in a parent directory next to all platform projects and app servers:
```nix
{ ... }: let
  modules = builtins.fetchGit {
    url = "https://github.com/cyl3x/shopware-devenv";
    ref = "devenv";
    rev = "<current-commit-sha>";
  };
in {
  imports = [modules.outPath];

  shopware-proxy = {
    enable = true;
    port = 2000; # port to start poxy on
    platforms = {
      # base port and domain as set in platform directory
      "trunk.localhost" = 3000;
      # some other platform projects
      "65.localhost" = 3100;
      "66.localhost" = 3200;
      "saas.localhost" = 3300;
    };
    apps = {
      "swagbraintree.localhost" = 8080;
    };
  };
}
```

## Utility scripts & helpers

- `console` can be used to execute console command in any directory
- `caddy-setcap` can be used to bind privileged ports (like 443). Can only be used on non-nixos systems
- `vscode-ws` can be used to generate a VS Code workspace file. Set `shopware.extras.vscode-workspace.enable = true;`.
- `update-module` can be used to update to the newest SHA. Pass a SHA as argument to update to a specific SHA.
- `update-modules` can be used to update all `devenv.local.nix` to the newest SHA. (Proxy config only) (searches with max-depth = 1)

- Env `APP_URL_HTTP` references the http url, if `APP_URL` is https
- Env `DATABASE_URL_TEST` references the test database, useful for executing console commands on it

# Options

List of all available configurations with this module set.
## shopware\.enable



Enable and configure all Shopware related services\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/default\.nix](./shopware/default.nix)



## shopware\.domain



The domain on which Shopware will be available\.
A subdomain of ` localhost ` will be derived based on the directory name\.



*Type:*
string



*Default:*
` "<part-of-dirname>.localhost" `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/default\.nix](./shopware/default.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.frankenphp\.enable



Enable FrankenPHP\. HIGHLY EXPERIMENTAL!



*Type:*
unspecified value



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/caddy\.nix](./shopware/caddy.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.monolog\.enable



Enable configure monolog, muting or redirecting channels\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/monolog\.nix](./shopware/extras/monolog.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.monolog\.extra



List of channels to be logged in an extra file\.



*Type:*
list of string



*Default:*

```
[
  "paypal"
  "request"
]
```

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/monolog\.nix](./shopware/extras/monolog.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.monolog\.muted



List of channels to be muted\.



*Type:*
list of string



*Default:*

```
[
  "cache"
  "deprecation"
  "event"
  "paypal"
  "request"
  "lock"
]
```

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/monolog\.nix](./shopware/extras/monolog.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.start-proxy\.enable



Enable to start the ssl proxy server together with devenv\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/start-proxy\.nix](./shopware/extras/start-proxy.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.vscode-workspace\.enable



Enable to generate a vscode workspace file\.
It also includes all plugins, to regenerate the file use ` vscode-ws `



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/vscode-workspace\.nix](./shopware/extras/vscode-workspace.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.vscode-workspace\.excludedPlugins



List of plugin folder names exlcuded from the workspace



*Type:*
list of string



*Default:*
` [ ] `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/vscode-workspace\.nix](./shopware/extras/vscode-workspace.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.xdebug\.enable



Enable Xdebug for PHP\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/xdebug\.nix](./shopware/extras/xdebug.nix)



## shopware\.extras\.xdebug\.logging



Enable Xdebug logging\. Alternatively, set the log level\.



*Type:*
signed integer or boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/extras/xdebug\.nix](./shopware/extras/xdebug.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.admin-watcher\.enable



Enable configuration for the admin-watcher\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/admin-watcher\.nix](./shopware/modules/admin-watcher.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.adminer\.enable



Enable and configure adminer\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/adminer\.nix](./shopware/modules/adminer.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.cypress\.enable



Enable cypress and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/cypress\.nix](./shopware/modules/cypress.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.elasticsearch\.enable



Enable elasticsearch and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/elasticsearch\.nix](./shopware/modules/elasticsearch.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.mailpit\.enable



Enable mailpit and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/mailpit\.nix](./shopware/modules/mailpit.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.mysql\.enable



Enable mysql and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/mysql\.nix](./shopware/modules/mysql.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.playwright\.enable



Enable configuration for playwright\. A ` playwright ` command will be available\.
Use for systems like NixOS, where ` npx run playwight install ` not work\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/playwright\.nix](./shopware/modules/playwright.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.rabbitmq\.enable



Enable rabbitmq and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/rabbitmq\.nix](./shopware/modules/rabbitmq.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.redis\.enable



Enable redis and necessary configuration\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/redis\.nix](./shopware/modules/redis.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.store-watcher\.enable



Enable configuration for the store-watcher



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/store-watcher\.nix](./shopware/modules/store-watcher.nix)



## shopware\.modules\.var-dump-server\.enable



Enable configuration for the var-dump-server\. Will also create a shotcut ` dump-server `\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/modules/var-dump-server\.nix](./shopware/modules/var-dump-server.nix)



## shopware\.port



The base port on which Shopware will be available\. All sub services will be derived from this port\.



*Type:*
16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` 3000 `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/default\.nix](./shopware/default.nix)



## shopware\.scripts\.console



Wrapper to use ` bin/console ` in any directory\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/scripts\.nix](./shopware/scripts.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.enableCerts



Enable creation of a trusted root cert for node\.js and php\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.proxy\.enable



Enable ssl via proxy\. Shopware will be available via https by default\. Used domain will taken from ` shopware.domain `\.

No other webserver configuration will be done, it’s assumed that a second devenv instance is running as proxy\. See ` shopware-proxy.enable ` for more information\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.proxy\.devenv



Path to the devenv instance that serves as proxy\.



*Type:*
string



*Default:*
` "/../.devenv" `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.proxy\.port



Port on which the proxy runs\.



*Type:*
null or 16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` 2000 `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.standalone\.enable



Enable standalone ssl\. Shopware will be available via https by default\. A fallback port can be defined for http\.
Self signed certificates will generated by caddy\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware\.ssl\.standalone\.fallbackPort



Fallback port for http



*Type:*
null or 16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` 3080 `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware/ssl\.nix](./shopware/ssl.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.enable



Enable the proxy used for shopware and app servers\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.apps

Map of app servers to proxy\.



*Type:*
attribute set of 16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` { } `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.admin-watcher



Enable reverse proxy for the admin-watcher\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.adminer



Enable reverse proxy for adminer\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.mailpit



Enable reverse proxy for mailpit\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.rabbitmq



Enable reverse proxy for rabbitmq management\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` false `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.modules\.store-watcher



Enable reverse proxy for the store-watcher\.



*Type:*
boolean



*Default:*
` true `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.platforms



Map of platform projects to proxy\.



*Type:*
attribute set of 16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` { } `



*Example:*

````
''
  {
    "trunk.localhost" = 3000; # base port of platform, defined by `shopware.port`
    "66.localhost" = 4000;
  }
''
````

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)



## shopware-proxy\.port



Port on which the proxy listens\.



*Type:*
16 bit unsigned integer; between 0 and 65535 (both inclusive)



*Default:*
` 2000 `

*Declared by:*
 - [\./shopware-proxy\.nix](./shopware-proxy.nix)
